
Cisco 642-832 TSHOOT Topology & Tickets for Cisco Packet Tracer rel. 6.1 STUDENT - User Guide and Release Notes:

1)
The included Full Working TSHOOT Topology and additional 15 TSHOOT Ticket Topologies are developed for the final Cisco Packet Tracer release 6.1 "STUDENT" and later.

2)
All (.PKT) Ticket files should be saved within a subfolder under the Packet Tracer ...\SAVES folder on the user PC.

3)
IMPORTANT: To make each Ticket run more smooth and fast + also avoiding the possibilty of cheating (by looking at PT Links Up/Down) - Packet Tracer LINK LIGHTS should be TURNED OFF, while troubleshooting each Ticket!!!

Therefore, pls. enter Packet Tracer Menu: "Options / Preferences / Interface" to DISABLE Packet Tracer Link Lights!

4)
Ticket Answers + Tech notes and Tips & Tricks etc. are supplied within the available PULL DOWN MENU, located at the MIDDLE/BOTTOM of each Packet Tracer Main Screen - Pls. click at the small "v"-sign there, to select a Ticket Answer etc. from the Menu.

5)
All supplied TSHOOT Tickets are fully supported within the final Packet Tracer 6.1 STUDENT Simulator, except from the following 3 Tickets:

Ticket#2 (HSRP Route Metric Object Tracking)
Ticket#6 (VACL filter)
Ticket#11 (Route-map based OSPF->EIGRP Redistribution)

because theese technologies are just partially supported within the current final Packet Tracer 6.1 STUDENT release.

The mentioned 3 Tickets are therefore "faked" (as close as possible), and furthermore fully described (within available Pull Down Menues) in each Ticket.

6)
To improve TSHOOT training and learning, each Ticket should be started "anonymously" by double clicking a random TSHOOT Ticket (.pkt) file!

This can e.g. be done from within a file-manager app, where the actual Ticket filename has been hidden, due to a "shrinked" file-list panel.

In addition, the current TSHOOT .pkt files - alternately - should be sorted by: "date", "size" and "filename" - repeatedly in both ascending and descending order within the filemanager.

In this way, the Troubleshooter will NEVER know what Ticket, he is going to solve, which is an important goal!

7)
Tickets with INITIAL Client IP addresses of 10.2.1.x /24 are basicly configured as "fixed" Client IP addresses - Remaining (169.x.x.x based) Tickets uses DHCP for supplying Client IP addresses - This is due to speed up the troubleshooting process within each Ticket.

8)
However, pls. allow about a minute to get each Ticket FULLY converged - (in terms of Routing Protocol Convergence etc.).

 